st1 [1691][IMP] account_invoice_validate_send_email (#63)
qrtl/mi7-custom: account_invoice_validate_send_email/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

Go to *Accounting > Settings > Management > Payment Terms*, open a payment term
and select 'Not Auto-send Invoice' in case the invoices with the payment term
should be outside the scope of the email notification despite the workflow process settings.

Go to *Settings > Users > companies*, open your company information page

> and select a favorable template from 'Invoice Email Template'.
> Recommended one is 'Invoice - Send by Email' which fills company name automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and select a template for 'Invoice Email Template'.
No email will be sent out upon invoice validation if no template is set for the company.
```

@tack-yabeQuartile Please also regenerate README.rst. https://qrtl.slab.com/posts/oca-maintainer-tools-r0ohrbgn#generating-readme-rst-with-oca-gen-addon-readme
